✨ amp-subscriptions-google real time config (#26223)
ampproject/amphtml: extensions/amp-subscriptions-google/amp-subscriptions-google.md

</head>
```

## Real Time Config (rtc)

> Real Time Config allows the publisher to spcify the sku or sku's for a subscribe button at page load time. The allows user spscifc offers, time limited offers etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Real Time Config allows the publisher to specify the sku or sku's for a subscribe button at page load time. The allows user specific offers, time limited offers etc.
```

To enable rtc add a `skuMapUrl` to the `subscribe.google.com` service.

```html
<script type="application/json" id="amp-subscriptions">
  {
    "services": [
      {
        // Local service configuration
      },
      {
        "serviceId": "subscribe.google.com"
        "skuMapUrl": "https://example.com/sky/map/endpoint"
      }
    ]
  }
</script>
```

> The `skuMapUrl` is called on page load. It should a map of element id's and configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `skuMapUrl` is called on page load. It should be a map of element id's and configurations:
```

```JSON
{
  "subscribe.google.com': {
    // button that goes straight to purchase flow
    "elementId": {
      "sku": "sku"
     },
    // button that launches an offer carousel
    "anotherElementId": {
      'carouselOptions': {
          'skus': ['basic', 'premium_monthly'],
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Each configuration corresponds to the sku or skus associated with the button.

> To enable a button for rtc add the `subscriptions-google-rtc` attribute. If this attrubte is present the button will be disabled until the skuMapUrl request is completed. Once the skuMap resolved the `subscriptions-google-rtc` attribute will be removed and `subscriptions-google-rtc-set` attrubte added. These attribute may be used for CSS styling, however it is reccomended that the button not be hidden if it will cause a page re-layout when displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable a button for rtc add the `subscriptions-google-rtc` attribute. If this attribute is present the button will be disabled until the skuMapUrl request is completed. Once the skuMap is resolved the `subscriptions-google-rtc` attribute will be removed and `subscriptions-google-rtc-set` attribute added. These attributes may be used for CSS styling, however it is recommended that the button not be hidden if it will cause a page re-layout when displayed.
```
